It's all nice that we have some functionality in our web component but it would now be nice to work
on the styling for example that this tooltip does not kind of split our line here.
But it should be like an overlay being positioned next or near to our question mark here.
So how can we achieve this.
Well since we are creating our tooltip container here we can of course also styled it.
And there are a couple of ways of styling it since it's a diff we could set up some general styling
for divs of course.
Alternatively we access the style attribute and we add styles step by step.
For example on the tooltip container here we can access the style property which every dorm node has
in JavaScript and we could give this a background color of black.
And then we duplicate this to set a text color of white maybe not with that if we save that and we reload.
We have this stall a bit better but of course the positioning is still off.
Now we might want to make sure that this has an absolute position so that our tooltip container style
the position is absolute.
That means that when it should be positioned relative to our entire custom element we should give our
custom element a style of relative.
So in the Connected callback where our custom element has been rendered to the dorm there we can access
our style.
So the style of the custom element itself the style of the U.S. tooltip and there we set the position
equal to relative we now save that and we reload.
Now this looks bit better doesn't split our line any more.
Now maybe we all should set a set index here so that it is above all other elements SET Index and set
this to a value of 10 maybe.
Now if you reload this does looks better it now really isn't overly near to our question mark.
I'm liking this.
So this already is a nice way but we also have a problem here if I for some reason have a general style
in my page with style tags or were a C as s followed to import where I let's say style all my device
to have the border of two pixels solid and orange.
And obviously this is a bit of a made up example but you could certainly have some global styles affecting
all Daves or all age 16 and maybe in your custom Web component you are using h1 tag or as we are doing
it you are using a diff and now what you will see is that if I save that and a reload this page I have
that orange border on that David my web component too.
And you typically don't want that.
You typically don't want to have global styles affecting your web components and you also don't want
to have style as you defined inside of your web components affect outside elements.
In addition it would be nice if we don't have to create everything programmatically like this with one
line of code after the other end.
If we could define some H Tim Al template instead of well adding or creating aged him all elements with
create element all the time and for that we have a solution.
The shadow Dom and templates both these techniques will help us with ensuring that we write nice reusable
and encapsulated custom Web component.